Text,Author,Title
"Nice Guys tend to have a hard time making their needs a priority and have difficulty asking for what they want in clear and direct ways. This creates a sense of powerlessness. Therefore, they frequently resort to manipulation when trying to get their needs met.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Nice Guys have difficulty setting boundaries. Many Nice Guys have a hard time saying ""no,"" ""stop,"" or ""I'm going to.""",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"All Nice Guys believe they are not OK just as they are, and therefore must hide their flaws and become what they believe other people want them to be.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"2) Boys were left to be raised by women. The",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"The job of turning boys into men was left to mothers and a school system dominated by women. As a result, men became comfortable being defined by women and became dependent on the approval of women.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Just about everything a Nice Guy does is consciously or unconsciously calculated to gain someone's approval or to avoid disapproval.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Nice Guys interpret a woman's approval as the ultimate validation of their worth.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Seeking women's approval gives women the power to set the tone of the relationship.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Seeking women's approval gives women the power to define men and determine their worth.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Humans connect with humans. Hiding one's humanity and trying to project an image of perfection makes a person vague, slippery, lifeless, and uninteresting.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"The Nice Guy gives to others hoping to get something in return.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Helpless, whiny, wimpy, and needy are not attractive on a man. Confidence and self-assurance are.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"who try to please them as weak and hold these men in contempt. Most",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"who try to please them as weak and hold these men in contempt. Most",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Most women do not want a man who tries to please them — they want a man who knows how to please himself.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Nice Guys are afraid of making a mistake, afraid of doing it wrong, afraid of failure, afraid of losing it all.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"You are the only person on this planet responsible for your needs, wants, and happiness.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Give yourself room to fail. There are no mistakes, only learning experiences.",Robert Glover,﻿No More Mr. Nice Guy
"Flowers and gifts should be used as a REWARD, not as an item to BUY her affections.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“Rejection is better than Regret”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Rejection is always better than Regret. Always.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“So avoid the friendship route. When you see a woman you are interested in, go for her romantically. For a friend she sees, a friend you shall always be.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“Judge by actions, not by words.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Judge by her actions and not by her words. Judge by what she does than by what your mind wants to see.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"A servant you’ll be, a friend she’ll see.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"For true passion with women can only come when the man can easily walk away; the Great Catch walking away is woman’s Great Fear.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Women would rather share a successful man than be attached to a faithful loser.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Failure is being in an unhappy marriage or a relationship where she has no true interest in you.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Stop trying to be ‘perfect’ in woman’s eyes for you’ll wrong the truest commandment with sexuality: Do not bore women.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“The greatest risk you can take in life is not to risk it all!”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“You can be the smartest person in the world, the most talented, the most persistent, but you will never win in the world or with women unless you embrace the glory of RISK.”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Place where all Pooks come from. “Just remember...” “Opportunities",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Place where all Pooks come from. “Just remember...” “Opportunities are brilliantly disguised as impossible situations!”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"“Opportunities are brilliantly disguised as impossible situations!”",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Why does ‘perfection’ fail with the ladies? Because when you strive to be ‘perfect’, you enter an Anti-Life mode. You end up not really living but fulfilling some imaginary barometer of virtue, of thought, or other Human measuring stick.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"She is along for the ride. It",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"The Nice Guy gets dumped because he hardly made any moves.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Women would take a less attractive man that can make her feel good, make her laugh, make her FEEL romantic and all those other goodly good feelings women are addicted to then a handsome bloke who doesn't know what he's doing and doesn't know how to make her feel good.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"The KEY to killing desperation (and attracting crowds of women) is to THINK and BELIEVE that you are The Great Catch.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"'nice guy'. (And nice guys finish LAST.) If",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"'nice guy'. (And nice guys finish LAST.) If you start treating a woman",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"If you start treating a woman like precious gold, she will believe she is gold. And once she believes it, she will DUMP YOU because YOU have given her the sense that she is BETTER then you.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"DON'T GIVE HER A REASON TO THINK SHE IS BETTER. You are the gold; she should be thrilled just to have A CHANCE with you.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Why would Prince Charming tell everything about himself to a woman? No, the woman must JUSTIFY HERSELF to him because YOU ARE THE GOODS.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Women love certain traits in guys. By THINKING you are The Great Catch allows you to emit these traits NATURALLY and without any effort.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"You will wear nice clothes and walk with pride BECAUSE you are proud of yourself. After all, you ARE one of the best. So treat yourself accordingly.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Remember, the biggest risk you can take in life is not to take any risks at all.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Just because you get a date does not mean you stop being attractive. You must make your attractiveness consistent by continually thinking yourself as the Great Catch",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"but the stubborn fact remains that you cannot be successful with women ever until you embrace your sexuality.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"but the stubborn fact remains that you cannot be successful with women ever until you embrace your sexuality.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"the stubborn fact remains that you cannot be successful with women ever until you embrace your sexuality.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"The high standards you apply to your desires must be applied to yourself.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Kino is a GREAT way to test their interest. Girls that don't like you, or find you neutral, will not like you touching them.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Guys should never count on women to ask them out.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"the best dates are action dates. Doing stuff rather than just talking or going to a movie or eating is more fun. The more fun she has, the more attractive you become.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Women, on initial dates, just simply want to have fun and have a good time. Men can throw too much affection too soon, too fast, and scare the woman off. Women find this as 'desperation'. It is the ultimate turn-off to them.",Pook,﻿The Book of Pook
"Non-neediness is when a man places a higher priority on his own perception of himself than the perceptions of others.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"thoughts and feelings rather than the thoughts and feelings of others. A",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"A needy man will be more invested in the woman he is with than in himself",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"A man who feels like he needs to buy or steal a woman’s attention or affection through entertainment, money or superficiality is a man who is not confident in his identity and who is not genuinely attractive.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"said, it’s about the intention and sub-communication behind it. When",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"When you’re willing to cut a woman off and tell her when you feel that she’s out of line, when you’re willing to tell a woman what you will and will not tolerate in your life, this",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"When you’re willing to cut a woman off and tell her when you feel that she’s out of line, when you’re willing to tell a woman what you will and will not tolerate in your life, this sub-communicates the most powerful elements of attraction to her.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Neutral woman on her back while you speak to her, she’ll just",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"the more polarizing a man is, the more they are flooded with opportunities with women. This is true for every man I know",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"the more polarizing a man is, the more they are flooded with opportunities with women. This is true for every man I know who is incredibly successful with meeting and dating women.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"As with any type of failure, it’s not until you’ve been rejected a certain amount that you realize how insignificant it actually is, how you spent so much time worrying about nothing, and how you’re free to act however you choose.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Instead of thinking, “I hope she doesn’t reject me,” think, “I hope I'll find out if she’s right for me.”",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"like attracts like. You attract what you are.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"your role as a man is to take action. It’s all on you. It’s always on you. You move things forward.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"no matter how much you read, how much you study, how much you watch about dating and attracting women, if you’re unable to take action, you will get nowhere.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"good writer can actually help you become a good communicator. If",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"If you’re saying something in four sentences that could be said in one, say it in one. If you are saying something in ten words that can be said in four, say it in four.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"In my experience, 99% of the so-called flake prevention strategies guys implement — calling at certain times, baiting with open-ended texts, pretending to send a text to the “wrong person” — these will rarely convince a girl who was never attracted to you to suddenly become attracted to you.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Being physical with women is by far the most integral piece of seduction and dating women. If you have it, you will constantly",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Being physical with women is by far the most integral piece of seduction and dating women. If you have it, you will constantly have options. If you don’t, you will spend a lot of time alone.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Humans are programmed to look at and focus on whatever they’re either curious about or what they find attractive. If she’s looking at you even 10% more than the average stranger, then she’s at least somewhat curious/interested in you.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"- Flipping or Playing with Her Hair: Classic signal of flirtation and often done unconsciously.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Most women, if they don’t like you, will drop you like a hot potato when their friends come around. But if she ignores her friends or stays with you, that’s a clear indication that she likes you.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Pay attention to where she positions herself while talking to you. If it’s slightly within your bubble of personal space that probably indicates she’s interested in getting physical with you.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"it takes a lot for a woman to leave her friends behind for a guy, especially one she’s only known for a few hours or one night. If she does this, take it as a bright green light.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"it’s much better to try and kiss her and get rejected than to go the whole night without making a move and never knowing what would have been.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Sexual gratification for women is far more psychological than it is physical, whereas for men it’s mostly physical. A large component of this psychological satisfaction comes from being dominated and surrendering control.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"Don’t ever ask, “Is this OK? Do you want to do X?” Just do it and stop later if she doesn’t like it and apologize. Nothing turns a girl off faster than a guy who defers to her too much while having sex. Take control. Do what turns you on and that will then turn her on.",Mark Manson,﻿Models: Attract Women Through Honesty
"decides what traits attract us sexually or who we are attracted to. Attraction is an emotion, not a conscious decision.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"What a female wants in a male has little to do with his body and more to do with his behavior.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"The reality is that all females enjoy doing so-called slutty things, but no female wants to be perceived as a slut.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Today females are still worried about being seen as “easy,” as in easy to get into bed with, since society still looks down upon such females. In an attempt to hide their true nature and natural urges, they have come up with the strategy of “playing hard to get,” which is more amusing than brilliant since it implies that females really are easy, though they are just pretending not to be.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"responsibility for it so that they appear to be “good” and “innocent” girls. Females are crazy horny, but they do not want everyone to find that out and label them as sluts.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Females are crazy horny, but they do not want everyone to find that out and label them as sluts.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Females are crazy horny, but they do not want everyone to find that out and label them as sluts.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"The best approach to get girls is to understand that women actually are easy while at the same time never letting them feel so.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"male’s approach and how they actually do react can be completely",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"females tend to give males advice that only works for females, such as telling them to take their time, let love come to them, that they will meet someone when they least expect it, and it will “just happen.” But the only reason those things work for females is that they rely on males taking action.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"women are not raised to take responsibility for sex.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"can be dominant, and one of them always is. Therefore, to be a dominant male automatically means to treat women as submissive and expect them to be submissive.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"A confident male does not express uncertainty, neither in general nor with women, and he is dominant around women since he acts like he knows what he is doing.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"no one else will. You have to be selfish, and the more selfish you are, the more successful you will be",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"else will. You have to be selfish, and the more selfish you are, the more successful you will",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"success if he is dominant, since treating yourself and your will as more important will always yield far better results than not. If you do not take care of your own self-interests, no one else",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Those who get furthest in life, including with women, are those who take matters into their own hands and protect their own interests because no one else will do it for them. They are selfish, so that is what you must be to succeed with women. However, it is also inevitable that selfishness leads to dominance and, thus, being selfish is necessary to be masculine.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Dominance requires that you treat yourself as important, and thus you have to value yourself,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Even if you regard yourself extremely well on the inside, you still have to demonstrate your self-esteem with confident behavior for women to notice it.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"The only way to increase your self-esteem to its maximum and to keep it high permanently is to adopt a different mental approach. Rather than seeking acceptance from other people, you should seek it from yourself.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"failures every now and then (it is how you learn and grow), and there is always someone who will be better than you are at something, which means that your self-esteem would fluctuate all too easily if you compared yourself to others.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"there is always someone who will be better than you are at something, which means that your self-esteem would fluctuate all too easily if you compared yourself to others.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Once you get a girl without having relied on any external value for your attractiveness, you also know for sure that she really likes you and that she will be yours for as long as you want her to be, as long as you do not change.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"females are not less interested in sex than males are; they are just more cautious and more concerned about appearing cautious, even if that includes downplaying their sexual interest, rounding down the number of sexual partners they have had, or lying about how often they think about sex when asked in surveys.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"you will not be successful with women if you hide your sexual interest in them, if you are unable to make them feel sexy, and if you are unable to arouse them sexually — things you will have a hard time doing if you believe that sex is not something women want or if you are ashamed of your sexual desires.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"most males feel the need to change themselves for women, but you",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"most males feel the need to change themselves for women, but you should never have to change your true self for women to get them. If you do, it is not really you that is getting girls, but some alternate persona.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"you should never have to change your true self for women to get them. If you do, it is not really you that is getting girls, but some alternate persona.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Men who are good with women do not change themselves for women; they never even consider it, and they certainly do not fear losing women,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"if you believe that women will be glad to meet you, they probably will be glad to meet you since being approached by a confident male is the biggest compliment a woman can receive, even if she is uninterested for other reasons.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"if a woman tells you that she wants to meet you again, you must not act surprised to hear it as if you were expecting her to turn you down. That will only make her suspicious and doubtful about whether she made the right choice.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"There is absolutely no room to explain yourself when you are flirting with women — neither before nor after you make an advance. If you explain yourself before you are about to make a move, you risk ruining your chances, and if you do it after you make a move, you risk ruining the success you might have already achieved.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Women sometimes pretend to be upset or offended when you flirt ferociously with them, either to save face or to test if you really mean what you say. Hence, it is vital to stand your ground and never apologize, explain yourself, or take anything back because that would make you less attractive.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"unsuccessful males are quick to apologize to women, they usually do not demand an apology when women step out of line. Instead, they pamper them.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"while unsuccessful males are quick to apologize to women, they usually do not demand an apology when women step out of line. Instead, they pamper them.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Males who are unsuccessful with women tend to tolerate a lot of bad behavior if it comes from a female, particularly the more attractive she is and the more interested in her they are.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"If a woman does behave badly and deserves to be put in her place, you have to do so and not treat her differently only because she is beautiful.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Your goal is to make women feel really good about themselves without making them feel they are better than you are,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"All males who believe they need to earn women are inevitably inclined to qualify themselves by either consciously or nonconsciously bringing up how long they have studied, how much money they make, what car they drive, what a nice area they live in, what they have achieved, how much alcohol they can drink, or what gadgets they have etc",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Although women love to be admired and appreciated, they still want a man to look up to, not down upon, a man who deems himself important enough to deserve the best, including the best women.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Fourth, it makes you look inadequate if you appear to try to impress a woman with your wealth. Finally, it is unnecessary, as most women are not attracted to wealthy males, but masculine males. Even if you are financially independent and never have to concern yourself with money, it is still best to wait to shower your woman with jewelry or pay her bills until after you have had sex with her so you have formed a sexual relationship already.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"To spend a lot of money on women that you have not had sex with is also a bad idea for a range of other reasons. First, you risk making a woman feel uncomfortable, either by making her feel like she owes you something or by making her feel like a whore because you expect sex in return.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"a much better way to increase your confidence is to learn to tolerate uncertainty — to build courage.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Old males on their deathbeds with their reasoning still intact do not regret getting poor grades or wish they had spent more time cleaning the house; they regret not taking more chances, not seizing the day, and not enjoying themselves more, in particular with women.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Regardless of whether you actually are happy, you have to appear happy whenever you are around women that you want.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"but it does not make any difference. You should never expect women to lead.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Leading is something that you should never stop doing in your relationship, not even after you have started sleeping together. If you stop leading, it will only be a matter of time before the woman feels less and less attracted to you, and you will lose her.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Normally, you are the one who has to begin the initial conversation; you are the one who starts touching her, who takes her number, who calls her up, who tells her where to meet you for a date, who initiates a hug the next time you see her, who takes her to a café, who touches her hand across the table, who goes in for the first kiss, who leads her home, who undresses her, and so on through the many small steps all the way into bed. You are responsible for making things happen since you are the male,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"who are interested in you. That is vital to understand, because you",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"you will actually lose women you could have gotten if you give up at the first sign of resistance.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"The best way to isolate a woman is very simple and straightforward. All you have to do is tell her to follow you, grab her hand, turn around, and start walking with the assumption that she will come along.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"the less social pressure a woman will feel to be a “good girl.”",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"the fewer people who can see and hear the two of you,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"When you isolate a woman from her friends, you should",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"move her far enough away from them to ease her of their social pressure (so they cannot overhear your conversation for instance) while still staying close enough to them that she feels safe (so she can still see them for instance).",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"few minutes, approach her again, and continue talking to her. Just do not give up at the first signs of resistance because you can break through many barriers with persistence.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"do not give up at the first signs of resistance because you can break through many barriers with persistence.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"again. However, to persist does not mean to cling on forever, to stalk, or to come back despite a woman requesting otherwise — only desperate males do that —",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"You do not need an excuse to talk to women and women do not want you to use one either, so why bother?",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"itself. A male runs the risk of losing far more women because he does not say anything at all than he does because he is saying the wrong things.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"confident manner and flirts whenever the opportunity presents itself. A",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"A male runs the risk of losing far more women because he does not say anything at all than he does because he is saying the wrong things.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"It is hard to come across as genuine if you always say the right things. No one is perfect, so do not pretend to be.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"illusion. In reality, it is the other way around. You lose a woman by hiding your intentions from her, not by showing them.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"You lose a woman by hiding your intentions from her, not by showing them.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"All women, no matter how certain they appear, want to hear from someone else that they look sexy and beautiful,",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Women absolutely love compliments so you should give them generously. Do not be afraid to let a woman know how attractive she is, what you like about her, and what is special about her.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Women fall for “bad boys” because they are only “bad” in the eyes of our traditional socialization, the same way men actually love “naughty girls.”",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
"Be charming, but never at the expense of yourself. Never allow anyone to walk over you, not even a woman that you like or are in love with.",W. Anton,﻿The Manual: What Women Want and How to Give It to Them
